##### Build Instructions #####

1. git clone https://github.com/stshow/ice
2. cd ice
3. dpkg-buildpackage -us -uc


##### Ice #####

(C) 2010 - 2018 -- Kendall Weaver <kendall@peppermintos.com>

Released under GNU General Public License version 2

#####

Application to easily add and remove Chromium site specific
browsers in Debian and Ubuntu based Linux distributions. It
was originally created for Peppermint OS Ice and is now used
as the default SSB application in Peppermint OS since the
two branches of the OS merged for Peppermint Two. Since
version 5, Ice has supported Google Chrome. Since version
5.1, Ice has supported Mozilla Firefox.

#####

Ice depends on the chromium-browser package being installed.
It's also possible to use it with any build of Google Chrome
however this is something that is hard coded into the app
and will need to be manually changed if one wishes to use it
in such a manner.

Ice creates .desktop files in ~/.local/share/applications
and removes them from the same directory. Ice doesn't remove
downloaded icons, rather it overwrites them in the case that
the user adds back an SSB after removing it. In the event
that an icon is not available when attempting to download,
a stock version of the Ice icon will be used instead. The
user has the ability to specify any local icon should they
so choose.

This application does not use a standard means of applying
translations. It handles it's own translations by itself
using it's own means of doing so. If you would like to
contribute translations (please do), then please contact me
and I will make sure you have the necessary details for
doing so.

Ice was originally written for Python 2.6.x and GTK+2. For
version 4.0.0 in April 2014 it was ported to Python 3.x.x
and GTK+3.

Thank you for your interest in Ice. If you wish to contact
me for any reason, please do so via email using the address
listed at the beginning of this document.

